"We want users to be able to set up alerts so they get notified when something important happens in the world — like breaking news, market movements, natural disasters, that kind of thing. Should work for both email and Slack. Make it flexible enough that we can add more channels later. We need an admin view too."

First step: identify the key features. (First me, then run it trough all my AI agents) Brainstorm the results with the AIs
-- users framework (register, subscribe to data sources, set up triggers, manage triggers)
-- data sources(categiresd and searchable)
-- triggers based on keywords or topic or (importance maybe?)
-- connectors so it can send out the alerts through multiple frameworks (email and Slack)
-- admin view(view data soruces, manualy triger alerts, healthly chekcs) 

I will use the following AIs in the project:
Cloud hosted:
	free version of gemini
	Claude pro
Self hosted:
	Deepseek coder v2
	Genma E2B

I created a .md file from the AI answers, I did not provide all the prompt used but I provided prompts for each key step. My workflow is usualy discuss the issue at hand and when there is a clear answear I request a markdown formated version of the answear. That is what I provided in the model.md files.

I request a MVP summary as well before starting to brainstorm them with each other.

The Ais seems to fail to handle the ambiguity of the task as it is not clear based on the brife that we make it open to extending into communication channels or into data channels/sources. A safe bet would be going both ways.

Reviewed all the responses from the models and converted them into an mvp.md with Claude code.
Also finalised the MVP scope for features.

I plan to work in this with springboot for the backend and Vite React + Axios for the frontend

The next step is to define the data models. At this step, I dropped the DeepSeek model as it was unable to follow the requirements correctly in the feature identification phase.

Request a data model structure from each AI model. Compare and reduce it based on my ideas and preferences.

The next step is to identify the workflows. Same as before, I have the current information and the decisions I made previously, and see what the AI agents think are the essential workflows.
